---
comments: true
---

# <center>RoboCup</center>

## Competition official website：[https://www.robocup.org](https://www.robocup.org)

## Competition Introduction

The RoboCup is a highly influential, technologically advanced, and widely participated professional robotics competition in the field of world robotics. It was proposed by Professor A1an Mackworth of the University of British Columbia in Canada in 1992. Its purpose is to provide a landmark and challenging topic for the development of artificial intelligence and intelligent robotics disciplines through robot soccer competitions, and to provide a dynamic and standardized environment for research in related fields. Since 1997, the competition has been held in Japan, France, Sweden, Australia, the United States, Germany, South Korea, Italy, Portugal, China, Austria, Singapore, Türkiye, Mexico, the Netherlands, Brazil and other countries and regions. The 12th RoboCup  was held in Suzhou, Jiangsu in June 2008, and the 19th RoboCup was held in Hefei, Anhui in July 2015. According to data from 2015, there were 35 countries and regions participating in the RoboCup , including China, the United States, Germany, Japan, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, the Netherlands, South Korea, Sweden, Italy, Iran, and others. The participating schools include top universities in the field of robotics research both domestically and internationally, such as Carnegie Mellon University in the United States, Osaka University in Japan, University of Bonn in Germany, Tsinghua University, University of Science and Technology of China, and National University of Defense Technology. Among them, there are 176 teams with 1152 members in the university group and 173 teams with 984 members in the youth group; Including forum guests, exhibitors, and parents of students, the number of participants reaches about 3200. The countries and regions with relatively high participation in the competition are China, Germany, Iran, Brazil, Japan, the United States, and others. In the 20th RoboCup held in Leipzig, Germany in 2016, the Chinese team participated in all events except for RoboCup @ Work. A total of 11 universities from the Chinese Mainland, including Tsinghua University, Zhejiang University, University of Science and Technology of China, Tongji University, Beijing University of Information Technology, National University of Defense Technology, Central South University, Southeast University, Hefei University, Hefei University of Technology, Hefei Normal University, and 3 universities from Taiwan, China, Taiwan University of Science and Technology, and Kaohsiung First University of Science and Technology participated in the university group project competition. Multiple participating teams have made it to the top four, and have also achieved good results in technical challenge competitions in multiple projects. Multiple primary and secondary schools from Liaoning, Guangdong, Guangxi, Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Taiwan, Macao and other places participated in the youth group competition and achieved first place in multiple projects.
